#labels Featured
#FAQ

= I just get a black screen =
  * assure that you put the NAND FS dump into the root of the SD card
  * assure that the boot2.bin is in the root of the SD card
  * some SD cards are not supported try another card
  * SNEEK uses USBGecko for debug output, if you have anything in slot B it might keep SNEEK from booting, also when an USBGecko is inserted SNEEK will hold until you read the output.
  * the bootmii folder should have these three files:
    #-armboot.bin (compiled from source or direct download)
    #-ppcboot.elf (the default bootmii ppcboot)
    #-bootmii.ini (set to autoboot, delay set to 0)

  * Only full FS dumps work with SNEEK, some dumpers skip IOSs or data folders. The system menu won't load without a setting.txt present.

If all the above fail or a previously working NAND stops working you can try the following:

     * delete "\title\00000001\00000002\data\cdb.vff"
     Note: the recreating of the file can take up to 5 mins or even longer.
     * delete everything in the "\title\00000001\00000002\data\" folder EXCEPT the setting.txt!!
    Note: again recreating of the files can take up to 5mins or even longer.

     * delete the shared2 folder
    Note: if you delete the shared2 folder you have to setup your whole Wii again!!

= cIOS doesn't work =

The reason why most cIOS do not work is currently unknown.
When SNEEK tries to load a cIOS one module does not return when loaded by the kernel and just freezes.
Which means that the issue doesn't seem to be solveable via SNEEK, the cIOS authors must either fix their cIOS or if SNEEK is at fault supply a fix or at least the exact issue.
SNEEK has no code in place which would prevent cIOS from working!

= Stuff loads slow =

The speed issue is quite tricky, one rule of thumb is the less is on the card the faster it is.
But certain cards seems to be fast even with alot of content installed.
Time will tell how we can improve this issue.

= SD cards do not work for Wii applications =

SD support for Wii applications is currently disabled, due it not working very well.

If you still want to give it a try simply change line 1605 in the main.c of the ES module to
{{{
*SDStatus = 1;
}}}
Note: this feature is buggy and might break the FS on your SD card, make a backup before using thise feature!!